Rebrand [Rr]edis->[Vv]alkey in TLS and sentinel pages (#23)
valkey-io/valkey-doc: docs/management/sentinel.md

the initial Sentinel implementation using stronger and simpler-to-predict
algorithms (that are explained in this documentation).

PLEASE-REVIEW{A stable release of Valkey Sentinel is shipped since Redis 2.8.}

New developments are performed in the *unstable* branch, and new features
sometimes are back ported into the latest stable branch as soon as they are
considered to be stable.

> PLEASE-REVIEW{Redis Sentinel version 1, shipped with Redis 2.6, is deprecated and should not be used}.

Author: removed

### Reconfiguring Sentinel at Runtime

> PLEASE-REVIEW{Starting with Redis version 2.8.4,} Sentinel provides an API in order to add, remove, or change the configuration of a given master. Note that if you have multiple sentinels you should apply the changes to all to your instances for Valkey Sentinel to work properly. This means that changing the configuration of a single Sentinel does not automatically propagate the changes to the other Sentinels in the network.

Author: done

Note that there is no equivalent GET command since `SENTINEL MASTER` provides all the configuration parameters in a simple to parse format (as a field/value pairs array).

> PLEASE-REVIEW{Starting with Redis version 6.2,} Sentinel also allows getting and setting global configuration parameters which were only supported in the configuration file prior to that.

Author: done

When the master is configured to require authentication from clients,
as a security measure, replicas need to also be aware of the credentials in
order to authenticate with the master and create the master-replica connection
used for the asynchronous replication protocol.

## Valkey Access Control List authentication

PLEASE-REVIEW{Starting with Redis 6,} user authentication and permission is managed with the [Access Control List (ACL)](/topics/acl).

In order for Sentinels to connect to Valkey server instances when they are
configured with ACL, the Sentinel configuration must include the
following directives:

    sentinel auth-user <master-name> <username>
    sentinel auth-pass <master-name> <password>

Where `<username>` and `<password>` are the username and password for accessing the group's instances. These credentials should be provisioned on all of the group's Valkey instances with the minimal control permissions. For example:

    127.0.0.1:6379> ACL SETUSER sentinel-user ON >somepassword allchannels +multi +slaveof +ping +exec +subscribe +config|rewrite +role +publish +info +client|setname +client|kill +script|kill

### Valkey password-only authentication

> PLEASE-REVIEW{Until Redis 6,} authentication is achieved using the following configuration directives:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until Redis OSS 6, authentication was achieved using the following configuration directives:
```

Author: I found 2.  fixed

Configuring Sentinel instances with authentication
---

> Sentinel instances themselves can be secured by requiring clients to authenticate via the `AUTH` command. PLEASE-REVIEW{Starting with Redis 6.2, the [Access Control List (ACL)](/topics/acl) is available, whereas previous versions (starting with Redis 5.0.1) support password-only authentication. }

Reviewer: If it's very old (like redis 2 or 3) it is always fine to just delete it. If it's newer and can be useful to anyone, we can keep it with the terminology "Redis OSS".

If you're not sure, it is always possible to describe old versions as Redis OSS. It is the terminology accepted by Redis Trademark Policy. There is no need to ask every time.

```suggestion
Sentinel instances themselves can be secured by requiring clients to authenticate via the `AUTH` command. Starting with Redis OSS 6.2, the [Access Control List (ACL)](/topics/acl) is available, whereas previous versions (starting with Redis OSS 5.0.1) support password-only authentication.
```

Author: done, thanks for the clarification

Using this configuration the Valkey 3 in the above example will become unavailable after 10 seconds. When the partition heals, the Sentinel 3 configuration will converge to
the new one, and Client B will be able to fetch a valid configuration and continue.

In general Valkey + Sentinel as a whole are an **eventually consistent system** where the merge function is **last failover wins**, and the data from old masters are discarded to replicate the data of the current master, so there is always a window for losing acknowledged writes. This is due to Valkey asynchronous
replication and the discarding nature of the "virtual" merge function of the system. Note that this is not a limitation of Sentinel itself, and if you orchestrate the failover with a strongly consistent replicated state machine, the same properties will still apply. There are only two ways to avoid losing acknowledged writes:

1. Use synchronous replication (and a proper consensus algorithm to run a replicated state machine).
2. Use an eventually consistent system where different versions of the same object can be merged.

> Valkey currently is not able to use any of the above systems, and is currently outside the development goals. PLEASE-REVIEW{However there are proxies implementing solution "2" on top of Redis stores such as SoundCloud [Roshi](https://github.com/soundcloud/roshi), or Netflix [Dynomite](https://github.com/Netflix/dynomite).}

Reviewer: I think this is interesting to keep. Here we need to rewrite it in a smarter way, not just search-replace.

What do you think about this suggestion?

```suggestion
Valkey (like it's predecessor Redis OSS) is currently not able to use any of the above systems, and is currently outside the development goals. However, there are proxies implementing solution "2" on top of Redis OSS stores such as SoundCloud [Roshi](https://github.com/soundcloud/roshi), or Netflix [Dynomite](https://github.com/Netflix/dynomite).
```

solution since the current system avoids issues in case the process is just
suspended or not executed by the scheduler for a long time.

> **A note about the word slave used in this man page**: PLEASE-REVIEW{Starting with Redis 5, if not for backward compatibility, the Redis project no longer uses the word slave. Unfortunately in this command the word slave is part of the protocol, so we'll be able to remove such occurrences only when this API will be naturally deprecated.}

Reviewer: This note is in many doc pages. I think we should replace all of them in a separate PR.

Author: So only a change to Redis OSS 5 in this PR.

If we are going to do all of them in a single PR, I would suggest having all such pages either link to an explanation or include one from a single file.  My preference would be a link to a page that also explains the movement from MASTER to PRIMARY.

Either a link or include would also let us improve the message in just one place.  It seems to me that "... when this API will be naturally deprecated." should be changed to "... MASTER and SLAVE have been deprecated in favor of PRIMARY and REPLICA and will be deleted when the community is ready to accept such a breaking change."
